//### Section - 5 | Step 09: Spring Web Services Configuration - Message Dispatcher Servlet

We would want to initialize Spring Web Services and configure a couple of things. Create a configuration file WebServiceConfig
First thing we need to tell that this is a Spring configuration file (by using @Configuration annotation) and also we would
want to enable Spring web services (by using @EnableWs annotation). And now, with these annotations, this project is now a
spring web services project.

We also need to do a lot more things, first thing we would want to configure is something called a Message Dispatcher Servlet.
If you've worked with Spring MVC, you'd be familiar with the concept of dispatcher servlet. Dispatcher Servlet is the front
controller. Any request coming to spring MVC will be first processed by a dispatcher servlet and then it identifies which
controller would handle the request. Similar to that, we would want to create a Message Dispatcher Servet.

So, a Message Dispatcher Servlet is a servlet for simplified dispatching of web service messages. Typically, we have dispatcher
servlet for web applications, RESTful web services and things like that. The Message Dispatcher Servlet on the other hand is
used for identifying endpoints and things like that. Endpoints and things like that specific to SOAP Web Services. So, a
message dispatcher servlet is more a servlet which handles all the requests, all the SOAP requests and be able to identify
the endpoints etc.

When we are creating a message dispatcher servlet we need to pass it a couple of inputs. First one is the
1. Application Context
2. url which we want to expose off
We would have to define a bean to be able to do this. And we want to map this message dispatcher servlet to the url (which
we will expose). So, we want to create a servlet registration. Hence, the return type of this specific bean, the bean which
we are configuring is something called servlet registration (ServletRegistrationBean). This servlet registration bean helps
us to map servlet to a uri.


